examples/digitalocean/README.md, before:

# tmate on digital ocean

## 1. Set up your api keys for DO

Get your digital ocean api keys from [here](https://cloud.digitalocean.com/account/api/tokens). Export your token as `DIGITALOCEAN_TOKEN` in your shell or provide it to Terraform when it asks.

## 2. Setup terraform

First run `terraform init`, then take a look at `variables.tf` and note which variables you might want to tweak. To get started, you should only need to add your ssh key ID from Digital Ocean into Terraform. The easiest way I've found to do this is by inspecting the element of the `Create Droplet` screen, right clicking on your SSH key name, and taking the ID from the value of the `<label>` tag. You can see this below in the screenshot:

![do.png](do.png)

Once you have the ID of your ssh key, create a file named `terraform.tfvars` and add the following contents:

```
ssh_keys = ["123456"]
```

### 3. Terraform apply

Now that you've got everything set up, lets try `terraform apply`. After Terraform has done it's job, you should see Terraform output the public IP of the droplet.

### 4. Get tmate config from docker container

Once the instance is up, you should be able to `ssh root@ip` and poke around. To get your tmate config, try the following from your workstation:
```
ssh root@your-droplet-ip "docker logs -f \$(docker ps  | grep tmate | awk '{ print \$1}')"
```

Or if the above doesn't work, try ssh'ing into your droplet and running:
```
docker logs -f $(docker ps  | grep tmate | awk '{ print $1}')
```

Grab all of the lines beginning with `set` and put them into `~/.tmate.conf` like so:

```
set -g tmate-server-host 1.2.3.4
set -g tmate-server-port 2222
set -g tmate-server-rsa-fingerprint "your:colon:seperated:fingerprint"
set -g tmate-server-ecdsa-fingerprint "your:colon:seperated:fingerprint"
set -g tmate-identity ""
```

Once you do this, the next time you invoke `tmate`, it will attempt to make a connection to your newly minted tmate server!

Commit message:

adding curl command for images to readme

examples/digitalocean/README.md, after:

# tmate on digital ocean

## 1. Set up your api keys for DO

Get your digital ocean api keys from [here](https://cloud.digitalocean.com/account/api/tokens). Export your token as `DIGITALOCEAN_TOKEN` in your shell or provide it to Terraform when it asks.

## 2. Setup terraform

First run `terraform init`, then take a look at `variables.tf` and note which variables you might want to tweak. To get started, you should only need to add your ssh key ID from Digital Ocean into Terraform. The easiest way I've found to do this is by inspecting the element of the `Create Droplet` screen, right clicking on your SSH key name, and taking the ID from the value of the `<label>` tag. You can see this below in the screenshot:

![do.png](do.png)

Once you have the ID of your ssh key, create a file named `terraform.tfvars` and add the following contents:

```
ssh_keys = ["123456"]
```

You may also want to tweak the Image ID. You can grab a list of images from digital ocean using the following curl command:

```
curl https://api.digitalocean.com/v2/images\?per_page\=999 -H "Authorization: Bearer $DIGITALOCEAN_TOKEN" | jq -r '.images[]'
```

### 3. Terraform apply

Now that you've got everything set up, lets try `terraform apply`. After Terraform has done it's job, you should see Terraform output the public IP of the droplet.

### 4. Get tmate config from docker container

Once the instance is up, you should be able to `ssh root@ip` and poke around. To get your tmate config, try the following from your workstation:
```
ssh root@your-droplet-ip "docker logs -f \$(docker ps  | grep tmate | awk '{ print \$1}')"
```

Or if the above doesn't work, try ssh'ing into your droplet and running:
```
docker logs -f $(docker ps  | grep tmate | awk '{ print $1}')
```

Grab all of the lines beginning with `set` and put them into `~/.tmate.conf` like so:

```
set -g tmate-server-host 1.2.3.4
set -g tmate-server-port 2222
set -g tmate-server-rsa-fingerprint "your:colon:seperated:fingerprint"
set -g tmate-server-ecdsa-fingerprint "your:colon:seperated:fingerprint"
set -g tmate-identity ""
```

Once you do this, the next time you invoke `tmate`, it will attempt to make a connection to your newly minted tmate server!
